= VanUnits

* home: http://rubyworks.github.com/vanunits

== Description

VanUnits is a sophisticated SI units system. It also includes
currency units and a large set of scientific constants.

== Usage

Here are some examples of using the units system.

    reqiure 'van/units'

    include Van::Units

    1.bit/s + 8.bytes/s
    (1.bit/s).to(byte/s)
    1.mile.to(feet)
    1.acre.to(yd**2)
    1.acre.to(sq_yd)
    1.gallon.to(self.L)
    1.lb.to(kg)
    1.m.s.to(m.s)
    1.sq_mi.to(km**2)
    1.mile.to(km)

Van::Units is namespace for all unit related classes. Mixing this in has
the additional effect of making Units.with_unit_converter available
without the <code>Units.</code> prefix, as well as the shortcuts for
creating Units (see Van::Units#method_missing).


=== Constants

Also included are a large assortment of real world contants. These come in two
varieties, typeless and typed via units.rb. (PLEASE NOTE: The typed variety is not
yet complete).

Constants are also provided in both mks (m kg s) and in cgs (cm g s) format.

    require 'van/units/constants/mks'
    require 'van/units/constants/cgs'

    include Van::Units::Constants

    MKS::SPEED_OF_LIGHT              #=> 2.99792458e8 m/s
    CGS::SPEED_OF_LIGHT              #=> 2.99792458e10 cm/s

Big thanks to Daniel Carrera and Brian Gough for their original work on Math::Constants
from which these numbers derive.


== Authors/Contributors

* Peter Vanbroekhoven
* Thomas Sawyer
* Daniel Carrera
* Brian Gough


== License

Copyright 2006, 2007 Peter Vanbroekhoven, Thomas Sawyer

Stick is distributed under the terms of the MIT license.

